[ECHOING]
YOUR MOVE, YOUR MOVE,
YOUR MOVE...
♪ YOUR MOVE ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
IT'S TIME
TO D-D-D-D-D-DUEL!
[ECHOING]
♪ YU-GI-OH ♪
Joey: WHOA!
SMOOTH MOVE!
YUGI CAUGHT
ONE OF PANIK'S MOST
POWERFUL MONSTERS,
AND NOW HE'S GOT
2 MAGIC CARDS
ON THE TABLE TO BOOT!
SO WHAT?
YOU CAPTURED MY REAPER,
BUT HE'S ONLY ONE
OF MY POWERFUL MONSTERS.
GETTING NERVOUS,
PANIK?
GRR!
I MAY HAVE YET
TO LAUNCH
AN EFFECTIVE ATTACK
AGAINST YOU
AND YOUR NIGHT
CREATURES,
BUT THAT WILL ALL
CHANGE VERY SOON.
RIDICULOUS.
WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
YOU KNOW WHAT
I'M TALKING ABOUT.
I MADE YOU A PROMISE
THAT IN 5 TURNS
I WOULD TEACH YOU
A LESSON
THAT YOU WOULD
NEVER FORGET,
AND I INTEND
TO MAKE GOOD.
YOU ONLY HAVE
4 TURNS LEFT, PANIK.
4 MORE TURNS
BEFORE I DRAG YOU
FROM YOUR SHADOWS
AND SHOW YOU UP
FOR THE BULLY
THAT YOU TRULY ARE.
YOU DOLT!
HAVE YOU FORGOTTEN
WHOM YOU FACE HERE?
I AM PANIK THE ELIMINATOR!
IS THAT SUPPOSED
TO SCARE ME?
OR ARE YOU
RUNNING SCARED?
GRR! GRR!
YUGI'S PLAYING
WITH FIRE.
I SURE HOPE HE KNOWS
WHAT HE'S DOING.
YEAH. THIS PANIK NUT-JOB
IS PLAYING FOR KEEPS.
OH, YEAH.
PANIK ENJOYS
BREAKING PEOPLE DOWN,
MAKING THEM SWEAT,
WATCHING THEM SQUIRM.
FOR HIM, DUELING
IS JUST AN EXCUSE
TO PRACTICE HIS CRUELTY.
YOU CAN'T STALL
FOREVER.
SOONER OR LATER,
YOU'LL HAVE TO MAKE
YOUR MOVE.
SILENCE!
HUH? HUH...
HUH?
HA HA HA HA HA!
THIS BEAST WILL WIN
THE ENTIRE MATCH FOR ME,
KING OF YAMIMAKAI!
BUT DON'T TAKE
MY WORD FOR IT.
[GROWLS]
[PANIK LAUGHS]
POWERED UP WITH
THE FIELD POWER BONUS
THAT ALL MY MONSTERS
GET FROM THE NIGHT,
MY KING OF YAMIMAKAI
IS FAR MORE POWERFUL
THAN YOUR PITIFUL CREATURE.
OH, NO!
KING OF YAMIMAKAI,
DESTROY HIS CURSE OF DRAGON!
[GROWLS]
[ELECTRIC CRACKLING]
NOW MY KING OF YAMIMAKAI...
HMM.
ELECTRO-SHOCK ATTACK!
[ROARS]
[ELECTRIC CRACKLING]
WHAT? IT'S VEERING AWAY!
INSTEAD OF DESTROYING YUGI'S
CURSE OF DRAGON...
IT'S ATTACKING
MY REAPER OF THE CARDS!
[WHIRRING]
HMM. YOUR REAPER
OF THE CARDS
IS VANQUISHED!
ALL RIGHT!
PANIK MESSED UP!
NO! MY LIFE POINTS!
CURSE YOU AND YOUR
SPELLBINDING CIRCLE!
ITS LIGHT DREW IN
MY ENERGY BLAST
AND DESTROYED
MY PRECIOUS MONSTER!
THEY DON'T DO WELL
WHEN THEY DARE STEP
OUT OF THE DARKNESS.
NOW LET'S BRING
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
INTO THE LIGHT.
HUH?
I DISPEL ALL
YOUR DARKNESS
WITH THE SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT!
UNGH!
Panik: STOP! STOP IT!
I CAN'T STAND THE LIGHT!
[RUMBLING]
Yami-Yugi: YOUR MONSTERS
ARE REVEALED!
HA! NO ONE KEEPS
YUGI IN THE DARK!
Téa: EVEN PANIK'S CARDS
ARE REVEALED NOW!
NO MORE HIDING, PANIK.
YOUR DARKNESS WILL
SHIELD YOU NO LONGER.
3 TURNS LEFT, AND
THEN YOU'RE FINISHED.
[GROWLS]
I DIDN'T USE THE SWORDS
JUST TO ILLUMINATE
YOUR MONSTERS.
IT ALSO CAUSES
ALL YOUR MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD
TO BE FROZEN
FOR 3 TURNS...
STARTING RIGHT NOW.
THAT MEANS YOU CAN'T
MAKE ANY ATTACK
WHILE I IMPLEMENT
MY STRATEGY.
[THINKING] DOES THIS UPSTART
THINK HE CAN PANIC ME?
HE MAY BE PLANNING AN ATTACK
ON HIS NEXT TURN,
BUT THE ONLY MONSTER
HE HAS ON THE FIELD
IS CURSE OF DRAGON.
WHILE I STILL HAVE 3
MIGHTY MONSTERS OF MY OWN:
BAROX, DARK CHIMERA,
AND KING OF YAMIMAKAI.
DESPITE YUGI'S SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT,
MY MONSTERS STILL GET
A POWER BONUS FROM THE NIGHT.
AND AFTER 3 TURNS
THEY'LL BE FREE ONCE MORE,
AND YUGI WILL BEG ME
TO END THIS DUEL.
YOU'RE STALLING, PANIC.
AFRAID TO DRAW
YOUR NEXT CARD?
[THINKING]
HE CONTINUES TO GOAD ME.
USUALLY MY OPPONENTS
ARE SOBBING AND BROKEN
BY NOW,
BUT HE IS NOT LIKE
THE OTHERS.
I WILL RELISH
CRUSHING HIS SPIRIT.
HUH? HEH HEH HEH!
AND THIS IS THE CARD
TO DO IT!
YUGI, YOU CAN FORGET
YOUR FOOLISH DELUSION
OF DEFEATING ME
IN JUST 3 TURNS.
I'VE DRAWN
A CHAOS SHIELD CARD.
OH, NO!
THAT AFFECTS
ALL THE MONSTERS
ON THE FIELD.
IT PUTS THEM ALL
IN DEFENSE MODE
AND RAISES THEIR
DEFENSE POINTS.
YOU'RE THINKING
TOO SMALL, YOU FOOL.
OR DON'T YOU REALIZE
THAT I CAN COMBINE
MY CHAOS SHIELD
WITH MY CASTLE
OF DARK ILLUSIONS.
THIS IS BAD.
WITH THIS COMBINATION
I CAN PROJECT
A DEFENSIVE SHIELD
OVER MY ENTIRE AREA.
Mai: NOW YUGI CAN'T GET
ANYWHERE NEAR HIS MONSTERS.
WHOA!
WHAT'S THAT MEAN?
PANIC'S UNTOUCHABLE
WHILE YUGI'S
A SITTING DUCK.
Panik: HUNH!
AS LONG AS THE CHAOS SHIELD
IS IN PLACE,
YOUR MONSTERS
CAN'T TOUCH ME.
DO YOU STILL THINK
YOU CAN DEFEAT ME
IN 3 TURNS,
YOU IMPUDENT SHRIMP?
ADMIT DEFEAT NOW.
YOU CAN SEE
HOW THE SHIELD
RAISES THE DEFENSE POINTS
OF MY MONSTERS.
[THINKING] HE'S RIGHT.
THAT SHIELD
PROTECTS AGAINST
ANY POSSIBLE ATTACKS,
EVEN FROM
MY STRONGEST MONSTERS.
HA HA HA HA HA HA!
HMM,
I HATE TO SAY IT,
BUT YUGI REALLY
DOESN'T STAND A CHANCE.
BREAKING DUELISTS
IS WHAT PANIK DOES
FOR A LIVING.
PANIK IS BRUTAL,
RUTHLESS--
EVERYTHING THE ULTIMATE
DUELIST NEEDS TO BE.
MAI, YOU'VE BECOME
SO CYNICAL ABOUT
DUEL MONSTERS.
AND YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
YUGI AT ALL, REALLY.
THERE'S MUCH MORE TO HIM
THAN MEETS THE EYE.
JOEY, YUGI CAN
WIN THIS, RIGHT?
MAN, I WISH
I COULD TELL YA.
BUT AFTER THE WAY
PANIK BEAT MAI,
I GOT NO IDEA WHAT
YUGI'S CHANCES ARE.
GIVE UP!
ADMIT DEFEAT!
I'M GOING TO CRACK YOU
LIKE AN EGG.
HEH HEH.
YOU'D LIKE ME TO CRACK,
WOULDN'T YOU, PANIK?
BECAUSE IT'S WORKED
FOR YOU BEFORE--
WINNING THROUGH
INTIMIDATION,
NOT THROUGH SKILL.
YOU MOCK MY SKILL?
MY SKILL IS WHAT'S
DEFEATING YOU.
DON'T BE SO SURE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN
BY THAT?
HEH HEH.
YOU THINK
YOU'RE WINNING,
THAT YOUR TACTICS
ARE TAKING ME
BY SURPRISE,
BUT I SAW YOUR STRATEGY
THE MINUTE I SAW
WHAT KIND OF MAN
YOU ARE.
YOU'RE TALKING NONSENSE.
I KNEW YOU WOULD
USE CHAOS SHIELD.
COWARDLY BULLIES
LIKE YOU
ALWAYS TRY TO HIDE
BEHIND SOMETHING.
SHUT UP!
I'M IN NO WAY A COWARD,
AND I NEVER TRY TO HIDE
BEHIND ANYTHING.
YOUR WHOLE STRATEGY
IS NOTHING BUT
HIDING AND COWERING.
UNH! HA HA HA HA!
YOU DARE
TO CALL ME A COWARD?
YOU INSIGNIFICANT
LITTLE WORM.
NOBODY TALKS TO ME
THAT WAY!
I AM PANIK THE ELIMINATOR!
[ALL GASP]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
ARE YOU FINISHED?
OR ARE YOU GOING
TO CONTINUE TO HIDE
BEHIND YOUR BLUSTER
AND BATTLEMENTS...
LIKE A BIG COWARD?
UNH! UNNNNNH!
THE TRUTH HURTS.
DOESN'T IT, PANIK?
FACING UP
TO YOUR TRUE SELF
IS USUALLY MORE THAN
BULLIES LIKE YOU
CAN BEAR,
SO YOU HIDE
IN THE SHADOWS.
YOU WILL TAUNT ME
NO LONGER!
YUGI, HE'S DANGEROUS.
YOU'VE JUST GOT TO
STOP STIRRING HIM UP.
DON'T INTERFERE.
HUH?
YUGI'S JUST USING
PANIK'S OWN TACTICS
AGAINST HIM.
IT'S PSYCHE-OUT WARFARE.
HMM.
HUH.
I WILL BURN YOU
TO A CINDER!
THAT WOULD PROVE
YOU'RE A COWARD.
IF YOU'RE NOT AFRAID,
THEN YOU SHOULD
STOP HIDING
AND PLAY THIS GAME
WITH HONOR.
OR I WILL RIP
YOUR PATHETIC
FEARSOME FACADE AWAY.
YOU BLUFF!
THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
YOU'LL KNOW FOR SURE--
PLAY OUT THIS GAME.
ERRRR-ERRR!
AFTER ALL, WE'LL KNOW
IN 2 TURNS.
CAN YOU LAST
JUST 2 TURNS?
DO YOU HAVE THE COURAGE?
DO I HAVE THE COURAGE?
ERRRRR!
PANIK FEARS NO DUELIST.
I WILL CRUSH YOUR SPIRIT
AND WIPE OUT
YOUR LIFE POINTS.
WHEW!
BOY, YUGI REALLY
SHOOK PANIK UP.
PSYCHOLOGY IS
HALF THE GAME.
AND NOW, IT'S MY TURN.
AND MY CARD IS GAIA,
THE FIERCE KNIGHT!
[WHINNIES]
IDIOT!
DO YOU REALLY THINK
A MONSTER WITH
ATTACK POWER THAT WEAK
CAN BREAK THROUGH
MY CHAOS SHIELD?
MAYBE NOT BY HIMSELF,
BUT I ALSO HAVE
A MAGIC CARD.
HUH?
READ IT AND WEEP.
A POLYMERIZATION CARD!
AND WITH THIS CARD,
I COMBINE THEM TO CREATE
GAIA, THE DRAGON CHAMPION!
[DRAGON SCREECHES]
NOW MY COMBO-CREATURE'S
ATTACK POWER
IS RAISED TO 2,600!
THE DRAGON CHAMPION?
MY TURN'S OVER,
BUT YOU'RE FINISHED
AS WELL.
[THINKING] FINISHED?
WHAT'S HE MEAN BY THAT?
HE KNOWS THAT EVEN WITH
AN ATTACK POWER OF 2,600
THE DRAGON CHAMPION'S
STILL NOT STRONG ENOUGH
TO BREAK THROUGH
THE CHAOS SHIELD.
THERE'S GOT TO BE MORE
TO HIS PLAN THAN THAT.
OTHERWISE HE WOULDN'T BE
SO CONFIDENT.
ERRR! I CAN'T RISK
ATTACKING.
UNH!
BUT IF I JUST WAIT
ONE MORE TURN,
THE PARALYZING EFFECTS
OF YUGI'S SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT
WILL WEAR OFF.
THEN I'LL DEACTIVATE
MY CHAOS SHIELD,
AND MY MONSTERS WILL BE FREE
TO ATTACK HIM ALL AT ONCE,
WINNING IT ALL!
HA HA HA HA HA!
HMM. AH, PERFECT.
HMM?
METAL GUARDIAN
IN DEFENSE MODE.
HE WILL FURTHER SHIELD
MY CREATURES.
AND THE FIELD POWER BONUS
RAISES HIS DEFENSE POWER
TO 2,795.
WITH HIM ON GUARD,
ANY ATTACK AGAINST MY MONSTERS
IS TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE.
HA! IT FIGURES.
YOU'RE COWERING AGAIN.
INSOLENT DOG!
YOUR STRATEGY
IS NOTHING BUT
PUTTING UP DEFENSES.
YOU'RE SHOWING
HOW WEAK YOU ARE.
SILENCE!
IN THE NEXT TURN,
THE SWORDS OF LIGHT
WILL BE EXTINGUISHED.
THEN I'LL HIT YOU
WITH EVERYTHING AT ONCE.
IT'LL BE TOO LATE.
I'VE ALREADY LED YOU
DEEP INTO MY TRAP.
WHAT?
THE STRONGER YOU MAKE
YOUR DEFENSES,
THE MORE YOU LOCK
YOURSELF INTO DEFEAT.
THAT'S A JOKE.
YOU'RE NOTHING BUT TALK.
THE TIME FOR TALK
IS OVER.
THAT WAS YOUR LAST TURN.
ARRRRGH!
THE END IS NOW!
CATAPULT TURTLE!
[GROWLS]
SLOW AND STEADY
WINS THE DUEL, PANIK.
FOR I CAN USE
THE TURTLE'S CATAPULT
TO LAUNCH GAIA,
THE DRAGON CHAMPION
AND SHATTER YOUR DEFENSES.
AAAAH!
CATAPULT LAUNCH RAISES GAIA,
THE DRAGON CHAMPION'S
ATTACK POWER
ALL THE WAY UP TO 3,200.
YOU WEREN'T EXPECTING THAT,
WERE YOU?
MY MONSTER'S DEFENSE POWER
IS STILL MUCH
TOO STRONG FOR YOU.
HA HA HA!
PROTECTED AS THEY ARE
BY THE CHAOS SHIELD,
YOU STILL CAN'T TOUCH THEM.
YOU CAN ONLY
WATCH HELPLESSLY
AS THEY PREPARE TO
ASSAULT YOU NEXT TURN.
HA HA HA!
WHO SAID ANYTHING ABOUT
ATTACKING YOUR MONSTERS?
WHAT I'M ATTACKING IS...
THE CASTLE.
[GASPS]
YOU FOOL!
MY CASTLE IS
STILL UNASSAILABLE.
ITS WALLS ARE STILL
INVINCIBLE TO ANY
OF YOUR ATTACKS.
SO I WON'T TAKE
ANY DAMAGE AT ALL.
WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT.
TURTLE, CATAPULT LAUNCH
MY DRAGON CHAMPION!
[DRAGON SCREECHES]
[ALL GASP]
AAAAAAAAAH!
Tristan: WHOA!
YUGI FLUSHED
A LOT OF POINTS
WITH THAT MANEUVER.
YEAH! HE SACRIFICED
HIS DRAGON CHAMPION.
THAT'S AN
AWFULLY BIG LOSS:
BOTH THE MONSTERS
AND LIFE POINTS.
RIGHT!
AND IF THIS ATTACK
DOESN'T BRING DOWN
THAT CASTLE,
THEN NEXT TURN PANIK
WILL WIPE OUT THE REST
OF YUGI'S LIFE POINTS.
Bakura: I HOPE THIS WORKS.
Joey: IT HAS TO WORK.
Téa: I CAN'T SEE A THING.
WAIT.
[MOANS]
NO! IT'S STILL
FLOATING!
HA HA HA HA!
THE CASTLE SURVIVED.
FOOL! FOR ALL YOUR THREATS,
MY CASTLE IS UNHARMED.
YOUR WORTHLESS ATTACK
SIMPLY KNOCKED
ITS FLOTATION RING OFF.
AND NOW THAT
YOUR ATTACK HAS FAILED,
I'LL ELIMINATE YOU
ONCE AND FOR ALL!
IT'S BEEN 5 TURNS,
AND I'M STILL
STANDING, YUGI.
MY MONSTERS ARE STILL
CONTAINED AND PROTECTED
WITHIN THE CHAOS SHIELD.
WHEN THIS TURN IS OVER,
THE PARALYZING EFFECTS
OF YOUR SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT
WILL VANISH.
THEN, ON MY TURN,
I'LL ATTACK YOU
WITH ALL OF MY MONSTERS
AND WIPE YOU OUT FOREVER!
HMM.
THERE IS NO
NEXT TURN FOR YOU.
THIS DUEL
HAS ALREADY ENDED.
IT'S NOT OVER.
DOESN'T IT SEEM
STRANGE TO YOU
THAT A CASTLE
THAT'S LOST
ITS FLOTATION RING
IS SOMEHOW
STILL FLOATING?
WHAT IF THE SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT
HAD LOCKED IN PLACE,
NOT ONLY YOUR MONSTERS,
BUT YOUR CASTLE AS WELL?
THEN WHAT WOULD
HAPPEN NEXT?
IT CAN'T BE!
CAN IT?
RIGHT NOW, THE ONLY THING
HOLDING UP YOUR CASTLE
ARE THE SWORDS
OF REVEALING LIGHT.
AND WHEN THIS TURN ENDS
EACH AND EVERY SWORD
WILL VANISH.
BUT...THAT MEANS...
IT'S OVER!
AND NOW YOUR WORLD'S
ABOUT TO COME
TUMBLING DOWN.
AAH! NO!
NO ONE DEFEATS PANIK!
MY TURN IS OVER.
RUN, MONSTERS!
GET OUT OF THE WAY!
IT'S NO GOOD.
THE CHAOS SHIELD
IS KEEPING THEM
FROM RUNNING ANYWHERE.
YOU'VE TRAPPED THEM
ALL INSIDE.
AAAH!
[ROARS]
[SCREECHING]
[ROARING]
UHH! UNNNNNH!
HMM.
[GROANS]
HE WON!
AND PANIK'S NOT
TAKING IT WELL.
I'LL SAY.
PANIK'S HAVING
A PANIC ATTACK.
NOBODY BEATS PANIK.
NOBODY!
HUNH!
LOOK AT HIM,
THAT SMUG LITTLE WORM,
STILL HE MOCKS ME!
I MAY NOT HAVE
DEFEATED YOU, YUGI,
BUT I CAN STILL
ELIMINATE YOU!
YUGI!
[GASPS]
Joey: HE'S TRAPPED
BY THE FIRE!
AND HE CAN'T ESCAPE.
WE'LL SEE
WHO'S THE COWARD NOW.
FIRE!
Téa: YUGI'S GONNA BE
FRIED TO A CRISP.
YUGI!
JUMP OUT
OF THE WAY!
YOU SURVIVED!
HOW CAN THIS BE?
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE!
MY MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
PROTECTS ME
FROM YOUR
COWARDLY ASSAULT.
BUT NOTHING WILL
PROTECT YOU FROM...
OBLIVION!
AAAAAAH!
YUGI, YOU WERE
INCREDIBLE.
YOUR MILLENNIUM PUZZLE
HAS MORE POWER
THAN WE THOUGHT.
NOT ONLY DID IT
PROTECT YUGI,
BUT IT ALSO SAVED ALL OF US
FROM THE FLAMES, TOO.
YUGI, I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO SAY.
HERE.
THESE STAR CHIPS
ARE YOURS.
UH...
THEY'RE YOURS.
TAKE THEM.
GO ON.
I'M SORRY, BUT
I CAN'T ACCEPT THEM.
I FIGHT MY OWN BATTLES.
MAI, YUGI BATTLED
FOR YOU.
HE RISKED HIS LIFE
IN THIS DUEL FOR YOU.
I KNOW, BUT--
HEH HEH.
THERE'S NO POINT
IN ARGUING.
SHE'S WAY
TOO THICK-HEADED.
HEH.
HUH?
BUT IF SHE'D RATHER
BE BOOTED OFF THE ISLAND,
I'LL TAKE 'EM.
HA HA HA HA HA!
[GROWLS]
YOU THINK ME LOSING
ALL MY STAR CHIPS
IS FUNNY,
JOEY WHEELER?
I THOUGHT YOU
DIDN'T WANT 'EM, MAI.
UNH!
GIVE 'EM BACK!
OF COURSE
YOU CAN HAVE 'EM.
THEY'RE YOURS.
UH...
REALLY, JOEY?
DIDN'T YOU LEARN
ANYTHING FROM THIS DUEL?
YOU CAN'T ALWAYS KEEP
YOUR DEFENSES UP.
'CAUSE THEY'LL JUST GET
BETWEEN YOU...
AND THE OTHER PEOPLE
WHO ARE TRYING TO BE
YOUR FRIENDS.
SO, CAN'T YOU LET
YOUR SHIELD DOWN...
JUST THIS ONE TIME?
HMM.
HEH HEH! I'M SUCH
A SENSITIVE GUY.
YEAH, WHEN YOU'RE
NOT BEING A PAIN.
Téa: WHICH IS
MOST OF THE TIME.
[ALL LAUGH]
Joey: AH, MY ADORING FANS.
YUGI, WAIT!
HMM?
I'LL REPAY YOU
FOR WHAT YOU DID TODAY.
YOU'RE THE ONE
WHO WON THESE.
SO FAR AS I'M CONCERNED
I STILL OWE YOU...
MORE THAN I'VE EVER
OWED ANYONE.
AND WHEN WE FINALLY DO
FACE EACH OTHER IN A DUEL
IT'LL BE AN HONORABLE ONE.
SOUNDS GOOD.
YES, AN HONORABLE ONE.
[THINKING] THAT'S A DUEL
I'D LOOK FORWARD TO, MAI.